change related docs to release v1.8.3 (#264)
StarRocks/starrocks-kubernetes-operator: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## [v1.8.3](https://github.com/StarRocks/starrocks-kubernetes-operator/releases/tag/v1.8.3)

This is a minor release of StarRocks Kubernetes Operator.

### What's New

1. **[operator] Set proxy_read_timeout 600s:**  We have set proxy_read_timeout to 600s in nginx.conf, because the
   default value is 60s, which may cause timeout.
2. **[chart] Add JAVA_OPTS_FOR_JDK_11 in FE config:** We have added JAVA_OPTS_FOR_JDK_11 in FE config, because the
   default value is not suitable for JDK 11. **If you used the default config of FE in values.yaml, Upgrading to v1.8.3

>    will cause the pods o fFE to restart.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   will cause the pods of FE to restart.**
```

Author: done
